---
layout: docs
title: "v0.0.5"
date: 2022-01-07 18:28:45 +0200
categories: beta
toc: true
---

## I opened Framed and the graph is empty. Why?

The graph will only start updating once you go live. When you do go live, you may need to wait up to 4 seconds for the graph to update.

## Framed shows a red link icon in the footer.

This means that Framed cannot connect to your selected streaming software (OBS or Streamlabs). Please ensure that your streaming software is open and that the settings are set correctly.

If you have already done both of those, click on the red link icon. This will attempt to reconnect.

## The text is blurry.

This is a known issue with the technology used to create Framed. Please disable hardware acceleration in the settings and restart Framed. Doing so should fix the issue.

## What are the icons shown under the System Stats heading?

From left to right: CPU, memory (RAM), disk read, disk write, network download, network upload.

Hovering over any icon in the app will show a tooltip showing what it means.

The mobile app uses the same icons, although it does not have tooltips implemented.

## Mobile app?

Yes, an Android app has been made that allows you to view the data Framed collects on your phone. This is useful for streamers who want Framed to run in the background instead of taking up screen space.

You can download the app on <a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=dev.truewinter.framed" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Google Play</a>.

## Why does CPU usage not match the Task Manager?

Calculating CPU usage is actually not that easy. The CPU data Framed can collect contains only the amount of time the CPU has been busy since your computer started. On its own, this data isn't useful. Framed waits a certain amount of time, and then collects CPU data again and calculates a percentage based on the difference and the amount of time that passed.

While this calculation is usually fairly accurate, there are times when it can provide the incorrect percentage. Different calculations and options for calculating CPU usage are being tested, and this issue should hopefully be resolved in a future version.

## I have multiple SSDs/HDDs in my computer, but only the usage on my main one shows?

This is intentional. The C drive is where Windows is installed, and therefore this is the disk that is monitored.

## I want to see what programs are running when frame drops are detected.

While the code for this has been implemented, it had to be disabled as it caused high CPU usage. Once this is properly optimized, this feature will be added back into Framed.

## Task Manager reports high CPU usage while Framed is open.

While Framed was designed to use as little CPU as possible, there are some cases where it may result in higher than usual CPU usage. It is important to check whether the Framed processes are causing high CPU usage, or if another process (such as your antivirus software) is the issue.

If it's your antivirus software, please add an exception for Framed.

In either case, please contact me using the email address below so the issue can be resolved for future versions.

## I need help with Framed.

Either open an issue on GitHub, or send an email to `support [at] framed-app.com`. Remember to include as much information as possible.

## Framed help me. How can I help Framed?

You can help by telling your streamer friends and sending them a link to the Framed website.